Add `Introduction to Elixir WebRTC` tutorial (#136)
elixir-webrtc/ex_webrtc: guides/introduction/forwarding.md

# Forwarding media data

Elixir WebRTC, in contrast to the JavaScript API, provides you with the actual media data transmitted via WebRTC.
That means you can be much more flexible with what you do with the data, but you also need to know a bit more
about how WebRTC actually works under the hood.

All of the media data received by the `PeerConnection` is sent to the user in the form of messages like this:

```elixir
receive do
  {:ex_webrtc, ^pc, {:rtp, track_id, _rid, packet}} ->
    # do something with the packet
    # also, for now, you can assume that _rid is always nil and ignore it
end
```

The `track_id` corresponds to one of the tracks that we received in `{:ex_webrtc, _from, {:track, %MediaStreamTrack{id: track_id}}}` messages.
The `packet` is an RTP packet. It contains the media data alongside some other useful information.

> #### The RTP protocol {: .info}
> RTP is a network protocol created for carrying real-time data (like media) and is used by WebRTC.
> It provides some useful features like:
>

> > * sequence numbers: UDP (which is usually used by WebRTC) does not provide ordering, thus we need this to catch missing or out-of-order packets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * sequence numbers: UDP (which is usually used by WebRTC) does not provide packet ordering, thus we need this to catch missing or out-of-order packets
```

```mermaid
flowchart LR
  subgraph Elixir
    PC[PeerConnection] --> Forwarder --> PC
  end

  WB((Web Browser)) <-.-> PC
```

The only thing we have to implement is the `Forwarder` GenServer. Let's combine the ideas from the previous section to write it.

```elixir
defmodule Forwarder do
  use GenServer

  alias ExWebRTC.{PeerConnection, ICEAgent, MediaStreamTrack, SessionDescription}

  @ice_servers [%{urls: "stun:stun.l.google.com:19302"}]

  @impl true
  def init(_) do
    {:ok, pc} = PeerConnection.start_link(ice_servers: @ice_servers)

    # we expect to receive two tracks from the web browser - one for audio, one for video
    # so we also need to add two tracks here, we will use these to forward media
    # from each of the web browser tracks
    stream_id = MediaStreamTrack.generate_stream_id()
    audio_track = MediaStreamTrack.new(:audio, [stream_id])
    video_track = MediaStreamTrack.new(:video, [stream_id])

    {:ok, _sender} = PeerConnection.add_track(pc, audio_track)
    {:ok, _sender} = PeerConnection.add_track(pc, video_track)

>     # in_tracks (tracks we will receive media from) = %{id => kind}
>     # out_tracks (tracks we will send media to) = %{kind => id}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # in_tracks (tracks we will receive from the browser) = %{id => kind}
    # out_tracks (tracks we will send to the browser) = %{kind => id}
```
